right now
the first round
in the first time
the previous environment
victory tomorrow the indignant
the fifa in the stadium of comayagua
london - the leaders of the world
Finally, the manager indicated that at the end of the first fiscal quarter,
to all the classmates
from the tie without clear favorite for that
the trio
the referee so that's how it will be
a controversial subject
in passing the game ladies and gentlemen of the press
just spent the game was a sexual relationship
bush
the german defense
in a series of touches
travolta and while sea
fell the third one that we keep seeing in repetition fell the second quarter
the oceanic vessel valencia the fish
the attack fish I introduce myself
not to fight sabillón know the war
keeps the sabillón ball
Francisco Ramírez of the body but lost the ball
wilson palaces
the Taliban insurgency
From the center
here he left high
before the tsjm
ferreira alonso has presented writings Tuesday in protest of changes
automatic production
for his part ccoo and the we go to the bottom of the region and that is now winning the
game at minute 88 opera complementary part
Olympia is
borges chronometer
the present
very strange tonight
and concludes fofo should conclude with a sensational play by wilson palaces
exported offers every summer
Mexico DF Dec 11
p
here are some
the team did everything
like many goals
the liquidated the party in the islands to the act
likewise the party but could not
as you remember
I think the team made a great match
do something over there we take to the past
collective show
another goal against infonavit a goal from another match
the decision
two
the duel hurts because I think we have broken
its lovely
thank you I say the team that's why Mr. Bauer
the difference is a party that would fall into
stadium
oo by hassan
Gálvez and a great match that they gave us that night
olympics and marathon
who went to see if another marker obviously
make it unique to this marathon by editions b was 624 color photo and
glued
to 22
of course we are going to listen
Every user carries the orifice equipment technician
to get out of the crisis
or the adversary that happened
Basque government the clean government